 Will you introduce yourself?
What are the roles and responsibility of DevOps Engineer?
Why you choose Cloud/DevOps Field?
Can you explain what kind of architecture in your company you follow
What are day to day activities in your company ? OR What skill set you used daily?
Which technologies you have worked on?
What you are doing in your project
Why do you want to shift as DevOps engineer from cloud ?
What are different cloud service providers?
Why do you move to cloud from competitive Exams?
How many team members you have and what are the configurations in your company
How will you manage your client requirement?
which troubleshoot you did?
Can you tell me any 5 Linux command with their usecase.
which languges used in backend and frontend for your project ?
Explain your project architecture?
Which DevOps tools you have worked
Role in your project?
Which webserver you use?
In which language coding is done ?
Do you setup infra for any project?
how many versions you manitained parallely?
how do you deploy code?
what documentation you've done in devops?
what kind of backup you are taking? it is automated or manual?
which bugs you have resolved in your 2-3 yrs exp.?how will you get notification of the bugs?
what are the OS you launch

What is SDLC?
Before DevOps and After DevOps?
what is difference between WAR,EAR ,JAR file 

what is cloud computing ?
Types of clouds and its examples?

why you choose AWS cloud?
difference between zone and regions
Region specific services in AWS
Non region specific services
what you actually work in AWS which services you used?
What is AWS?
What are platform where we can use AWS?
How do you manage your infrastructure?
Can you tell me the difference between availability zone and the region?

What is elastic computing?
 How many instances can I run?
What are the different ec2 instances based on their cost? or Can you explain me ec2 pricing model?
What type of instances you worked on?Tell me it's configuration
types of instances ? Different types of EC2 instance you have worked on
what is difference between stopping and termination of instances?
what is EC-2?what is Elastic word indicate in Ec-2?
Can you change types of instance?
Can you tell the frequency of launching Ec-2 in your project?Difference between t2.micro and t3.large?what is T4 ?
What will happend when you deleted EC-2 instance which attach volume and EIP?
Which key is used to accessing instance through putty
Suppose i do SSH enable and in the outbound SSH is not enable how do i access EC2-instance ?
Suppose we launch EC-2 instance due to some reason my server is shutdown and my IP change so how can you overcome it?
types of EC2 instances?which are cheapest?
Can i able to upgrade my EC-2 instance after launching?
what are on demand and spot instances?
what is instance store volume exactly?
How can we safeguard our ec2 instance?
What is the meaning of General purpose instance?
Different ways to launch EC-2 instance or ways to launch instances (explain in brief)
On-Demant vs Spot instance? when spot instance we used?
Why we used on-Demand instance?
EC-2 is region specific or zone specific?
Without disk is it possible to launch EC-2 instance?
How many EC-2 instance we can launch i.e. default numbers
T2.Large and it's specification
Can you explain me the step by step process to launch ec2 instance?
CPU and RAM configuration of T2.large - 2 core 8 gb ram
How many categories available in ec2 instance?
How will you calculate the cost of EC-2 instance and other services?
How many EC2 instance we can create in vpc?
How to connect different machine if 1 is created instance & 1 is linux machine
Who will take decision which configuration is needed?
EC-2 instance is region specific or non region specific?
Which EC-2 instance  you launch ?why?tell me the configuration
I am not able to connect EC-2 Instance What are the issue you troubleshoot?
What are the packages you install in your VM which are updated?
i need 2 JAVA versions which run parallel,so how can we do this on windows? 
How will you take data backup and which data you will take backup in your organisation?
Diffrence between spot and reserve instance
What are the types of root devices?
Before creating EC2 instance I need to run a script, so where I can run my script?
What is Tenancy in EC2
 What is t2 or what is its meaning? and its CPU and RAM configuration?

what you understand by security group? explain types ?its permissions?
Why security group is required?
How will you rescue something in cloud?
What is the default outgoing traffic to the security group?

My keypair is lost so it is possible to launch that instance?
Can you explain what is the keypair?
What is use of keypairs
How to connect different machine if 1 is created instance & 1 is linux machine 

what is AMI ? how to create it ?
what is diffrence between market palce and Cummunity AMI?
How can i check how many AMI i shared ?
What does AMI include
Can I launch multiple instance using Ami?
Can we share AMI to cross region?
How to get VM backup

What is EBS?Types of EBS?
Can you delete our own snapshot ?
Use of snapshot
What are the different types of EBS are available?
Types of volumes in your organization?
How will you encrypt the EBS volume and EC2
How can we attach snapshot in diffrent region?
i want miragte volume to another account is it possible?
Is it possible to decrease size of volume? 
while creating volume encryption is possible?share encryption name?
Is volume attach or not how will you check?
Which protocol you used for EBS?
What do you mean by incremental snapshot
what is SNS?what is practical use of SNS?
how to deleted ebs snapshots?
can we auto delete snapshots?
Explain me some Ebs Volume types & which one is fast
Storing size of EBS?its pricing structure?
Linux command for see attach EBS volume?
EBS and instance store volume difference
Can EBS support file system interface?
EBS is faster than S3?which is cheap EBS or S3
which storage you preffered for data store? why?

What is elastic IP?
EIP default launch limit
How many elastic IP we can create in one vpc?

Can we use multiple load balancer in single EC2 machine?
customer want to stream 50 server what type of load balancer is used?
what is connection draining?
What are the different types of load balancer?
you have 50 database server which load balancer you used?
What you know about load balancer?types of load balancer? how you create?
Can you explain the working of network load balancer?and its pratical use
Can you assign static IP to load balancer?
Diff bet ALB and NLB
Have you worked on provisioning on AWS like DB Load balancer and servers
Why does ELB hold many IP addresses?
Why classic load balancer is not used many time?
what is listener?Listner component in LB
HTTP vs HTTPS
In LB it is possible to change default port number? what is the condition?
404 error?
In LB which one is faster and why ?
How will load decide where to go ?

What is the difference between load balancer and auto scaling
how to add existing instance in autoscalling group?
What is launch group in autoscaling?
Can you explain what is autoscaling?
What are the situation to move the traffic or how many ways to distribute the traffic from one ec2 to another, what weight you provide
if supposed thousand of request comes on your web page and lods was increases what you do and how can you decrease load.
Benefit of autoscaling?
Policies in autoscalling
Scale up and scale down ?
how much time require to pass health check
Min and max. desired value ? explain
what is horizonatal and vertical scaling?
 is rebalancing work in Auto scaling
warm up time ?
what information you collect from your client regarding to autoscaling?
use of health check?
which instance you create for autoscalling

What is the connectivity options for VPC?
Can we use existing AMI in new vpc?
what is difference between NAT gatway and NAT instance?
What is subnet?
How many vpc can I create?
how many subnet have in one VPC?
Do you know the difference between security group and NACL?
Explain NACL
how to monitor AWS VPC and employees not able  access server in another VPC how to troubleshoot?
where we use peering connection ? or VPC peering for what purpose? in VPC peering I am not able communicate?how I can troubleshoot?
172.16.1.1 it is public or private?
you have 50 database server where would you place it in VPC?
Is it possible to establish peering connection to vpc in different regions?
How can a EC2 instance in private vpc established a connection to the internet?
Can you explain the difference between public and private subnet?
What is CIDR?
Tell me any five networking commands with their use case?
NAT instance is a part of which service? VPC
What is route table?
Can you tell me the difference between state full and stateless firewall?
which cofiguration have you done in your private VPC ?
diff between NAT and NACL
how to access private vpc from public ?
Components of vpc
How to change CIDR range if vpc is created
VPC Endpoints
VPC peering connection manual or Teraform
Site to side VPN
NAT gateway where we create and what will be in the route table
How many IGW connect to VPC 
Diff between private and public subnet 
Where do we keep the NAT gateway
What is diff between USER and ROLE 
what is positive use of private ip address?
what is VPC and IGW ?
Can we change EC2 instance private ip address when it is ruuning state or in stopped state...Reason?
How do you secure EC2 inside VPC 
Sercurity in VPC?
property of broadcasting and multicasting
What is routing table and its purpose?
can you launch EC2 instance with predefine private IP address?
What is IP address?
Suppose i have 2 CIDR block so is it possible to connect using same IP
Different layers of OSI model
what is rule number?
what do you mean by transitive peering?
If i give you IP and it is not connecting then what troubleshoot you will do?

Do you know what are the storage classes available for the S3?
What is S3 bucket?How many s3 buckets we can create in AWS account?
Can you explain versioning in S3 bucket?
what is S3? Can we use CDN in front of S3?
what is block storage and object storage?What do you mean by object storage?
which storage provide redundancy ? across the data center--S3
how you can monitor S3 cross-region replication to ensure consistency without checking the bucket?
i want to upload 120mb file in S3 how I do it?multipart upload utility it's allow more than 100mb
Can you use S3 bucket with ec2 instance?
can we host static and dynamic website on S3 ? Can we host the dynamic website using S3?What is static hosting in s3
What is replication in S3?S3 cross region replication?What is the default condition before doing cross region replication?
What is the default storage class for the S3 bucket?
What are the S3 data encryption types?
Tell me the steps to do cross region replication?
What are the lifecycle in s3
If bucket is public then how you make it private 
For website hosting which service use it 
If I want to deploy a static website in AWS, so as a cloud Engineer what solution will you recommend to them?
how to take backup of s3 using script?
S3 data store limit and time?how will you delete s3 bucket
How S3 works?S3 architecture
in which class you store data?is it possible to store data in glacier?
object lock feature in S3?
How many s3 buckets in your organization and what you store in that,(share flow)?how life cycle manages
How s3 classes cost less ?

What is the difference between ebs and efs?
what is difference between EFS and S3?
how 5gb file stored in S3 and EFS? And what are the underlying protocols?
cost wise compair which of the storage is chipest and which one costly?---efs is costly
how taking backup of EFS
diff between EBS vs EFS vs S3
Which volume type is not Bootable?
EFS similar to windows FSX
what is positive use of EFS ?

What is the difference between IAM role and IAM user
what is power user access in AWS?
what are the different IAM catagory you can control?
what is resorce base policy --- IAM policy
What are the IAM identities?
What is the role in IAM? IAM Group ?
What is policy in IAM?
What is the difference between manage policy and inline policy?
Can you explain the access key in IAM user?
how to give access to IAM user ?
what is IAM Role?
what is MFA in aws?

i have 50 server using which tool moniter and helth check the server??
how to recover E2 instance using cloud watch??
what is cloud watch?what is different actions in alarm?
will you monitor cross region replication?
what are different actions present in alarm??
Can you tell me how alarm is set in cloudwatch?
Tell me about cloudwatch metrics?type of matrics
What is the purpose of log groups in cloudwatch?
from cloudwatch which services have you monitored ?
What metrics you have created for cloud watch 
If any instance is stop or crashed how will you monitor it and manage it How the SNS is triggered for any this situation
which tool you used for monintoring
how will you delete alram
does cloudwatch agent support IAM role?
what is cloudwatch log agent stores ?
how can i get my log data?
what is events ?

what is topic in SNS? SNS service use ?
SNS and SQS are push baesd or pull based ?
which protocols are SNS supported ?

what is difference between cloud watch log and VPC flow log?
How can you monitor a traffic in your VPC?
where vpc logs are stored ?

what is AWS trail ? What kind of logs stored? What is cloud trail?
someone accidentally deleted one server in customer environment how you know who did that?
some one deleted VPC how will you check who deleted VPC?
Difference between colud trail and cloudwatch
four pillars of cloud trails
what is events?

What do you mean by cloudFront?and it's flow??
what is geo targeting in cloud front?
What are the different type of servers available in cloud front?
What is the use of edge locations?
What are the different distributions available in the cloud front?
diff between cloudwatch and cloudfront
what is invalidation?how to create invalidation ?

Whats is RDS?
What type instances you used for RDS Create table command
Draw structure of your web  applications how to deploy and build project how you use middleware RDS and service.

what is AWS route 53?why we use?
how cloud trail and route 53 work together?
Routing policy in route 53
